#shortcuts:
#PL -> Programming languages
#metaquery all unreaded
"query:Recent articles:age between 0:365" .meta
#academic journals
http://research.swtch.com/feed.atom software
http://www.greghendershott.com/feeds/all.atom.xml friends
http://www.invece.org/rss antirez
https://blog.lilydjwg.me/feed friends
https://ctian.livejournal.com/data/rss software
https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/feed/ software
https://dr-knz.net/feeds/all.rss.xml software
https://feeds.feedburner.com/abseilio c++
https://iscinumpy.gitlab.io/index.xml c++
https://isocpp.org/blog/rss c++
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom software
https://matklad.github.io/feed.xml software
https://matt.might.net/articles/feed.rss software
https://planet.kde.org/global/atom.xml kde
https://raphlinus.github.io/feed.xml software
https://ridiculousfish.com/blog/atom.xml friends
https://rosenzweig.io/feed.xml software
https://www.alanshawn.com/atom.xml friends
https://www.cppstories.com/index.xml c++
https://www.csslayer.info/wordpress/feed/ friends
https://www.nayuki.io/rss20.xml friends
https://herbsutter.com/feed/ c++
https://weinholt.se/feed.xml scheme
https://betterexplained.com/feed/ math
https://eli.thegreenplace.net/feeds/all.atom.xml software
https://www.ocamlpro.com/feed/ ocaml
https://fsharpforfunandprofit.com/index.xml fsharp
https://inside.java/feed.xml java
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml PL
http://modernescpp.com/?format=feed&type=rss c++
http://neugierig.org/software/blog/atom.xml software
https://borretti.me/feed.xml PL
https://blog.sigplan.org/feed/ PL
https://blog.gtk.org/feed/ gtk
https://crascit.com/feed/ cmake
https://lemire.me/blog/feed/ general
https://racket-news.com/feeds/all.atom.xml racket
https://lexi-lambda.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml PL
https://okmij.org/ftp/rss.xml OlegKiselyov
https://writings.stephenwolfram.com/feed/
https://wadler.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml
http://xahlee.info/emacs/emacs/blog.xml emacs
https://www.logicmatters.net/feed/
https://stackoverflow.com/feeds/user/2625442
https://planet.scheme.org/atom.xml
https://programmingpraxis.com/feed/
https://cstheory.stackexchange.com/feeds/user/2185
https://cacm.acm.org/magazine.rss
https://0pointer.net/blog/index.atom
https://danlark.org/feed/
https://chaoxuprime.com/rss.xml
https://blog.kowalczyk.info/atom.xml
https://meetingcpp.com/feed.xml
https://idiomdrottning.org/blog/programs
https://blog.brownplt.org/feed.xml
http://per.bothner.com/blog/index.atom
https://elly.town/feed.xml
https://maskray.me/blog/atom.xml
https://pointersgonewild.com/feed/
https://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/atom.xml
https://www.kdab.com/category/blogs/feed/
https://randomascii.wordpress.com/rss
https://brevzin.github.io/feed.xml C++
https://paulmck.livejournal.com/data/atom
https://tug.org/rss/tug.xml
